fix(curriculum): Recipe Tracker improvements (#57694)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-recipe-tracker/670e4f45f7116c0f216a5177.md

You should create a `recipe1Name` variable.

```js
assert.isDefined(recipe1Name);
```

> You should set your `recipe1Name` variable to the assessment of the `name` property of `recipe1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should assign the value of the `name` property of `recipe1` to your `recipe1name` variable.
```

```js
assert.strictEqual(recipe1Name, recipe1.name);
```

You should log `recipe1Name` to the console.

```js
assert.match(code, /console\.log\(\s*recipe1Name\s*\)/);
```

You should create a `recipe2Name` variable.

```js
assert.isDefined(recipe2Name);
```

> You should set your `recipe2Name` variable to the assessment of the `name` property of `recipe2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should assign the value of the `name` property of `recipe2` to your `recipe2name` variable.
```

```js
assert.strictEqual(recipe2Name, recipe2.name);
```

You should log `recipe2Name` to the console.

```js
assert.match(code, /console\.log\(recipe2Name\)/);
```

You should create a `recipe1CookingTime` variable.

```js
assert.isDefined(recipe1CookingTime);
```

> You should set your `recipe1CookingTime` variable to the assessment of the `cookingTime` property of `recipe1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should assign the value of the `cookingTime` property of `recipe1` to your `recipe1CookingTime` variable.
```

```js
assert.strictEqual(recipe1CookingTime, recipe1.cookingTime);
```

You should log `recipe1CookingTime` to the console.

```js
assert.match(code, /console\.log\(recipe1CookingTime\)/);
```

You should create a `recipe2CookingTime` variable.

```js
assert.isDefined(recipe2CookingTime);
```

> You should set your `recipe2CookingTime` variable to the assessment of the `cookingTime` property of `recipe2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should assign the value of the `cookingTime` property of `recipe2` to your `recipe2CookingTime` variable.
```
